each have their own story to tell some
are being hand-reared after their
mothers rejected them others are
temporarily checked over and sent back
to Mum full of milk from newborn to
three months old they are cared for by
specially trained panda nannies just
like human babies they need regular
feeding and plenty of sleep to prepare
their little bodies for growing up at 40
days old this youngster has opened its
eyes and is already five times heavier
than when it was born
it is a panda mini-me this is down to
fat rich milk and at this age they get
it five times a day
milk is baby food for now after six
months they will also be able to eat
solids for pandas that means bamboo